Added limits to MAT concept (#163)
Basis-Theory/basistheory-integration-guides: collections/concepts/what-are-mats.md

In order to facilitate your evaluation of Basis Theory, you will not be immediately blocked from continued usage of Basis Theory's services,
and will have a short grace period to enter your payment details while continuing evaluation.

## Are there usage limits to the monthly active tokens?

> The monthly active tokens are designed to make billing simple for almost every way that customers are using the platform. There are customer use cases where this model drives a high cost for Basis Theory to support the use case so we have alternate plans available when there are more than 10 interactions per MAT in a month.

Reviewer: Should we add a contact link for people to reach out if they have specific needs?

> The monthly active tokens are designed to make billing simple for almost every way that customers are using the platform. There are customer use cases where this model drives a high cost for Basis Theory to support the use case so we have alternate plans available when there are more than 10 interactions per MAT in a month.

Author: ```suggestion
There is a limit of 10 interactions per MAT per month. Our billing is designed to be simple for almost every use-case for using our platform platform. In some situations more than 10 interactions per MAT in a month are required. [Contact us](https://basistheory.com/contact) for alternate plans available when this limit isn’t enough.
```

> There is a limit of 10 interactions per MAT per month. Our billing is designed to be simple for almost every use-case for using our platform platform. In some situations more than 10 interactions per MAT in a month are required. [Contact us](https://basistheory.com/contact) for alternate plans available when this limit isn’t enough.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a limit of 10 interactions per MAT per month. Our billing is designed to be simple for almost every use-case for using our platform. In some situations more than 10 interactions per MAT in a month are required. [Contact us](https://basistheory.com/contact) for alternate plans available when this limit isn’t enough.
```
